title: Tribit XSound Surf Bluetooth Speaker with Superior Clear Sound, Bluetooth 5, IPX7 Waterproof, Wireless Stereo Pairing, USB-C, 100ft Wireless Range Perfect for Home, Outdoor, Travel – Black
price: 4990
delivery: Delivery in 24 Hours in KHI & LHR if ordered before 11 am. Other Cities in 24 to 48 Hours
SKU: AMT-5875
Category: Bluetooth Wireless Speakers
description: Tribit XSound Surf Speaker definitely Punches Above its Weight: You wouldn’t normally expect a huge amount of sound from such a small audio device, but the XSound Surf Bluetooth speaker is sure to be a pleasant surprise. On every track you’ll be able to hear the full, natural sound and impressively low bass. Whatever music you like, everyone is sure to enjoy the XSound Surf Bluetooth speaker’s high quality audio.



Cutting-Edge Bluetooth 5.0: If you thought the old Bluetooth was fast, wait until you try the most recent Bluetooth 5.0 technology. What’s so good about it? How about 2x faster transmission speeds and more stable connectivity with no signal loss or dropouts? You can even still get a signal an amazing 100ft away! No more cutouts during listening. If you’re doing chores around the house or don’t have your phone on you, it doesn’t matter – the signal will follow you everywhere!
Completely Waterproof: There’s nothing better than going for a swim with your favorite tunes in your ears. From swimming laps to dodging raindrops, we’ve got you covered with the IPX7 waterproofing to seal out moisture. You can go to the beach, in the shower, or anywhere where it’s a little bit wet and not worry at all!
Wireless Stereo Pairing: Double up and pair two XSound Surf speaker together. It’s super simple to connect another XSound Surf Bluetooth speaker to create a truly surround sound experience. Great for a party or for when you’re watching a movie!
Improved Battery Life: Leave the house knowing your battery will stay charged for a long time, not matter what the day holds in store! XSound Surf portable Bluetooth speaker comes equipped with an ultra-powerful battery that will power your pump-up sessions all day and all night. Charge up, head out and jam out!
Tribit XSound Surf Bluetooth Speaker
When it comes to Bluetooth speakers, not many have the stellar combo of features as the XSound Surf that come at such an attractive value. Turn heads with the sleek, understated design – then turn them again when you power the speaker on and people hear what they can really do! Plus, you’re sure to make a splash when you’re at the pool or at the beach, thanks to the stellar IPX7 waterproof design so you don’t have to stop the music when it’s time to get wet!

Serious Audio Punch – Handles the full sound range like a dream.
Latest Bluetooth 5.0 – Here you are getting 2x faster transmission speed + more stable connectivity
Completely Waterproof – IPX7 waterproofing will keep unwanted moisture out.
Double up Pairing – Double up and pair two XSound Surf speaker together.
bluetooth speakers portable wireless waterproof speaker for outdoor home party usb handsfree

bluetooth speakers portable wireless waterproof speaker for outdoor home party usb handsfree

bluetooth speakers portable wireless waterproof speaker for outdoor home party usb handsfree

Hear Every Musical Nuance
You can only use your smartphone speakers for so long before realizing how much enjoyment and sound quality you’re missing out on. Ready for the road, the compact but powerful XSound Surf is ready to rock your world with its full, rich and powerful sound. Ready when you are for a good time!

Watch out! Double Trouble
For even more listening fun, connect with another XSound Surf wireless Bluetooth speaker so you can experience sound in true stereo thanks to the TWS stereo pairing function!

USB-C Connectivity
XSound Surf portable Bluetooth speaker uses the latest USB-C charging port for wider compatibility and easy charging.

 