title: Tronsmart Apollo Bold Upgraded APP Dec 2020 Version Improved ANC TWS Bluetooth 5.0 Headphones, Active Noise Cancelling, 30 Hours of Playtime, IPX45 Waterproof, CVC 8.0 and 6 Microphones
price: 13990,
delivery: Delivery in 24 Hours in KHI & LHR if ordered before 11 am Other Cities in 24 to 48 Hours
SKU: AMT-5768
Category: True Wireless Earphones

description: Tronsmart Apollo Bold Upgraded APP Version with Improved Components for Better Stability now available in Pakistan. December 2020 Version.

360° Hybrid Active Noise Cancelling(ANC) ♫ Reduce up to 35dB of noise from full frequency; Immersive you with quiet, deep and wide. Hybrid ANC technology together with 6 mics cancels the noises from every corner. Feedforward ANC:The microphone reduces noises in a narrow range of frequencies. Feedback ANC:The microphone reduces noises in a broader range of frequencies. Hybrid ANC combines the FF ANC and FB ANC, it can work within full frequency noises.
Leading Qualcomm QCC5124 Flagship Chip ♫ Equipped with the Qualcomm QCC5124 flagship chip, Apollo Bold brings you with an unprecedented using experience and sound quality, which means faster transmission, low latency, less power consumption, Better sound quality, Customized graphene driver works with Qualcomm aptX decoding for superb sound quality. Qualcomm aptX For studio quality audio,AAC Balanced and clear sound for iOS, SBC Well balanced & rich sound.
TrueWireless Stereo Plus and LDS laser antenna ♫ The advanced TrueWireless Stereo Plus synchronous signal transmission technology is used for more desirable sound without any delay.the LDS laser antenna for Great consistency, stable performance, Less signal interference, high penetration,Large transmission area, broad signal range.
Music All Day Long and Three working mode ♫ Compared to other brands of the same type (ANC Earphones), Apollo Bold has over 30 hours playtime with charing case, up to 10 hours playtime on a single charge. The charging case also supports type c quick charging.10 mins of charging for 1 hour use. Our Apollo Bold has three modes: ANC ON: For blocking any noise; ANC OFF: For listening to the music longer; Ambient sound mode: For receiving the necessary sound outside.
Slim design and touch control ♫ Apollo Bold is ergonomically designed, light (3.5 g for a single earphone), ultra comfort for long time wear, and easy to carry (54g for both earphone and case ) ). apollo bold have the Intelligent In-ear Detection function, will play music automatically when you put earbuds in your ears, take out to pause, With the One-Touch control functions, you can activate the voice assistant, play/pause music, answer/reject calls, adjust the volume and change tracks, etc.
Tronsmart Apollo Bold ANC TWS Bluetooth 5.0 Headphones
Smart touch control for a smart lifestyle
High performance audio

Tronsmart Apollo Bold adopts the advanced Qualcomm QCC5124 chip, supports aptX, AAC, SBC decoding, ensures faster and more stable connection.

* Lossless Qualcomm aptX audio only for those compatible devices.

Hi-Fi stereo sound

The headphones feature a high-fidelity 10mm dynamic driver that delivers surround sound and puts you in the center of the stage.

35dB full frequency hybrid active noise cancelling
6 microphones with 360 degrees full noise cancelling
Qualcomm QCC5124 flagship chip
High quality aptX audio decoding
TWS + binaural synchronous transmission technology
Play time: 10 hours (single charge) 30 hours (with charging case)
In-ear detection function and Support voice assistant
IP45 waterproof and LDS antenna connection
5

6

7

360 ° Hybrid Active Noise Cancelling (Up to 35 dB)
Tronsmart Apollo Bold is equipped with hybrid active noise cancelling (Feedforward + Feedback ANC) technology together with 6 mics so that it can cancel the noise from every corner. Besides, it can cancel noise up to 35dB from full frequency while most earbuds can only reduce noise up to 25-28dB.

Qualcomm Flagship Chip
The Tronsmart Apollo Bold headphones adopts Qualcomm’s QCC5124 flagship chip, which has not been used in any other products. This chip supports active noise reduction and Bluetooth signal processing, so that these two functions can achieve the best effect without any interference.

Other active noise canceling headphones on the market require two chips to support these two functions.

TWS + Technology, No Delay
Our Apollo Bold adopts TrueWireless Stereo Plus synchronous signal transmission technology to ensure that the left and right headphones receive Bluetooth signals at the same time.

Most TWS headphones(including AirPods Pro) adopts true wireless stereo technology, the main earphone first receives the signal and then transmits the signal to another earphone, so there will be a delay.

*TrueWireless Stereo Plus synchronous signal transmission technology only for those compatible devices
