title: MPOW M9 True Wireless Earbuds Upgraded Edition with 4 Mics for Better Voice Calls – Black
price: 6290
delivery: Delivery in 24 Hours in KHI & LHR if ordered before 11 am. Other Cities in 24 to 48 Hours

SKU: AMT-0129
Category: True Wireless Earphones

description: MPOW M9 True Wireless Earbuds are the latest entry level earbuds by MPOW with their Signature Sound Quality, Amazing Battery & Supreme Built.

 

Upgraded High Clarity Calls with 4 Microphones：Each earbud has 2 microphones (4microphones in total) which reduce background noise and enhance the clarity of voice pick-up when making a call or having a video conference. Mpow M9 comes with 3 (S, M, L) sizes ear tips with upgraded materials for more secure and comfort fit for office or sports.
Punchy Bass, Richer Details：The excellence of Mpow M9 true wireless headphones exists in the advanced chip, the latest Bluetooth 5.0 wireless transmission technology, composite diaphragms, premium audio codec, and sound system tuned by professional acoustic engineers, etc. Punchy bass livens your day up; richer details allow you to enjoy each detail in audiobooks.
Upgraded Extended 40H Playtime & USB-C Charge Support：Mpow M9 true wireless earbuds provide up to 6 hours of playback or talk time on one charge, 200 hours of standby time, extra 34 hours of listening time with USB-C charging case. Total up to 40 hrs of playtime. Earbuds absorb power automatically when they are put back into the charging case. It takes only 90 minutes to charge the earbuds from 0% to 100%.
The Difference in Mono Mode：95% true wireless earbuds in the market do not support both earbuds using independently and separately, Mpow M9 true wireless earbuds are the few. You can wear either one (left or right earbud) for mono mode when walking or driving on the road, commuting on the bus or subway. You can also wear both earbuds simultaneously to create true wireless stereo immersive sound when you are alone or want to block out surround noise.
Touch Controls：Mpow M9 true wireless headset with sensitive touch buttons allows you to easily manage music and calls including playing, pausing, skipping tracks, adjusting volume, answering, ending, or rejecting a call. You can also triple-touch either earbud to summon Siri or Google Assitant for voice commanding your cell phone without lifting one finger.
