title: Aukey Latitude Lite Wireless Earbuds with Enhanced Bass, Sweat-Resistant, 8-Hour Battery Life – EP-B40S
price: 5400
delivery: Delivery in 24 Hours in KHI & LHR if ordered before 11 am. Other Cities in 24 to 48 Hours

SKU: AMT-0346
Category: Bluetooth Earphones

description: Aukey Latitude Lite Bluetooth Earphones provide Enhanced Bass, 8 Hour Life, Quick Charging & many more exciting features now in Pakistan.

Wireless music enjoyment in new dimensions: Thanks to Bluetooth 4.1 and Upgraded 8mm drivers you will hear deep and rich bass, which will give you more motivation in sports
Dependable Design: Sealed casing and internal nano coating protect against sweat and rain (IPX4 certified), so you can depend on these earbuds during tough workouts at the gym or outside in all conditions
Impressive Playtime: 8 hours of music (about 120 songs) on a single 1.5-hour charge. A single 15 minute charge for 1 hour playback. Always ready for your activities
Secure & Comfortable Fit: Noise isolation earbuds with three sizes of ear-tips and in-ear ear-hooks for a reliable, customized fit
 

Ergonomic fit
The redesigned housing in combination with ear tips, which optimize the wearing comfort and secure fit, ensures undisturbed listening pleasure even during intensive training.
Convenient Inline Controls
Easily manage music and calls. And activate your smart voice assistants (for iOS / Android) with a simple press.
Reliable Bluetooth Connection
Benefit from fast pairing, excellent connection stability, low latency, and lower power consumption with Bluetooth 4.1.

Stunning Soundstage

The powerful 8mm / 0.31″ drivers are tuned to provide a dynamic and compelling sound experience with incredible depth. They recreate the rich fullness of live performance with resonant vocals, vibrant mids, and prominent bass.

Sealed and Secure Fit

The ear-tips isolate you from external noise so nothing gets between you and your music on-the-go. Comfortable, custom fit with three sizes of ear-tips and in-ear ear-hooks. These earbuds also have an IPX4 rat