title: Tribit MaxSound Plus Portable Bluetooth Speaker, Powerful Louder Sound, Exceptional XBass, Waterproof, 20-Hour Playtime – Black
price: 9400
delivery: Delivery in 24 Hours in KHI & LHR if ordered before 11 am. Other Cities in 24 to 48 Hours

SKU: AMT-0294
Category: Bluetooth Wireless Speakers

descirption: Tribit MaxSound Plus is for loudness enthusiasts. With it’s unique Xtra BASS Feature, it can liven up the largest of rooms & make an unforgettable experience.



Sound that Satisfies – MaxSound Plus’ audio experience appeals to casual listeners and audiophiles alike. The advanced Texas Instruments amplifier modules, audio processing tech, and larger drivers pump out a fully articulate sound at all volumes.
Bass that Booms – MaxSound Plus Sound is all about big bass vibes. Tribit’s exclusive XBass technology with world-class low-frequency drivers and DSP algorithm tuned to maximize bass frequency output while preserving its mix accuracy.
Seriously Waterproof – Portability is incomplete without the ability to weather the elements. With IPX7 waterproof, MaxSound Plus gives you the confidence to enjoy your music even in the most humid or wettest of conditions.
20-Hour Playtime – Don’t let a long daytrip stop you from bringing a soundtrack – with up to 20 hours of battery life you can have the playlist going all day. Enjoy great music with the freedom of portability without the fuss of entangled power Cords.
Pair and Play – Move freely around with your smart phone without worrying about dropping your music. MaxSound Plus wireless speaker offers an incredibly robust secure connection and lossless wireless sound at a range of up to 100 ft.

Tribit MaxSound Plus Bluetooth Speaker
Tuned by Tribit’s excellent audio engineers, each speaker has been painstakingly crafted to achieve an unmatched musical performance, that’s why Tribit MaxSound Plus bluetooth speaker turns any environment into a theater of sound. Consider this bluetooth speaker your backstage pass to every song on the planet. Access to all of the world’s music has never been easier.

Massive Sound – Surround yourself with rich, nuanced sound.
Proprietary XBass Technology – Enhance your music’s bass frequencies in real time.
True Portability – The power to stream music virtually anywhere.
Weatherproof – A speaker made for sunny days and for cozy forecasts.
Ultra Long Lasting Battery Life – Play your music for 20 hours on a single charge.
Action-Proof – shockproof, dustproof and wear proof.
