title: Tribit XFree Go Bluetooth Headphones, Wireless Headphones Over Ear with Bluetooth 5.0, HiFi Sound with Deep Bass, USB Lightening Fast Charge, 24H Playtime, CVC8.0 Noise Cancelling Mics – Black
price: 6490
delivery: Delivery in 24 Hours in KHI & LHR if ordered before 11 am. Other Cities in 24 to 48 Hours

SKU: AMT-5873
Category: Bluetooth Wireless Headphones
Tribit XFREE Go adopt Qualcomm chipset which keeps the headphone low power consumption. Bluetooth 5.0 Tech for easy connectivity and seamless audio/video syncs within 16ms. Stay connected and easily switches between two Bluetooth devices at a time.

[Qualcomm Chipset & Bluetooth 5.0] The bluetooth headphones adopt Qualcomm chipset which keeps the headphone low power consumption. Bluetooth 5.0 Tech for easy connectivity and seamless audio/video syncs within 16m. Stay connected and easily switches between two Bluetooth devices at a time.
[Stereo & Balanced Hi-Fi Sound] The striking design of Tribit bluetooth headphones is matched by exhilarating sound, which is detailed, tonally balanced and blessed with a large dose of rhythmic precision. Over-ear design and noise isolation pads can block out most ambient noise and allow you to better enjoy the music.
[Up to 24 Hrs & USB Fast Charge] In Bluetooth Mode, the bluetooth headphone supports up to 24 hrs music time in 2 hours charge. In a hurry? A ten minute USB quick-charge will breathe 4 hour’s life into the battery.
[CVC8.0 Noise Cancelling Mics] CVC8.0 noise cancelling technology offers faster processing speed with less distortion. Enjoy clear calls even in windy or noisy environments while making your voice sound clearer at the other end with Tribit bluetooth headphone over ear. And support for Siri Assistant voice controls.
[Comfortable & Portable] The memory-protein over-ear cushions feature ergonomic pivoting for a flexible fit for any head shape. The foldable Headband and rotatable earcup design with a carrying EVA case makes it easy to store when not in use or while traveling.
Tribit XFree Go Bluetooth Headphones
Bring You the Authentic Vocal
Tribit Bluetooth headphones over ear are committed to offering headphones lovers a user experience. It has the latest Bluetooth 5.0 and CVC 8.0 noise canceling functions, as well as fast charge technology so that you can quickly charge the headphones in a hurry. The extremely lightweight 250g is more convenient for business and travel. Easily activate Siri by press the MFB button twice, which extremely convenient life.

Bluetooth Version: 5.0 (Qualcomm Chip)
Bluetooth Range: 33ft
Singal-to-noise ratio: High than 85dB
Music Playing Time: up to 24 Hours
Dimensions: 7.06*6.53*3.18in
Weight: 225g